Oura is an award-winning company that helps people track their sleep, activity, and other biometrics using the Oura Ring and connected app. By providing daily feedback and practical steps to inspire healthy lifestyles, we've helped over a million people improve their sleep, understand their bodies, and transform their health. We’re on a mission to make health a daily practice for everyone, and we’re seeking a pivotal leader to join our journey at this very exciting time.

Empowering the world starts with living  and empowering our team. As a quickly growing company focused on helping people live healthier and happier lives, we ensure that our team members have what they need to do their best work — both in and out of the office.

We are looking for a Head of Data Science (USA, location East Coast Time Zones) This individual sets the strategy and direction for Data Science and manages all data scientists and data science managers within Software Engineering, as well as supporting and guiding data science work within our Science org. The DS team’s primary responsibility is developing, implementing and maintaining the many machine learning models that power our product. The Head of DS also manages our Decision Science team, which supports Marketing, Finance, Product, and Member Experience with advanced analytics and data for business decision making.

You will be an inspiring and nurturing leader for your team and the many colleagues you interact with regularly. You will empower your team by bringing them better processes and tools, understanding and enabling their career goals, and growing and training the team to meet future needs. You will be an advocate for Data Science and Software Engineering as you collaborate with Product, Science and other stakeholders to set our product strategy for the coming years.

Requirements
We would love to have you lead our team if you:

Are passionate about our mission of making health a daily practice, bringing better wellbeing to millions worldwide
Thrive in a fast-paced, sometimes unpredictable, and highly collaborative work environment
Have seven or more years of work experience as a data scientist or machine learning engineer, including developing models for deployment to products and managing their deployment
Have five or more years of work experience in a leadership role, including three or more in a senior leadership position similar to this
Spearhead a team of 15+ Data Scientists, mentoring and providing direction
Have experience evaluating new data platforms and tools, managing relationships with vendors, and helping to oversee their integration
Bring experience and opinions about organizational design, ways of working, and data governance, but are flexible and able to collaborate with others to level up our strategy and operations
Are familiar with best practices in data privacy, security, and quality, and able to contribute to company-wide standards around data in a sensitive and highly regulated space
Have familiarity with modern software development processes and the ability to work with product managers to evaluate and contribute to their roadmaps
Familiarity with any of the following a plus: AWS, PyTorch, time series analysis, signal processing, causal inference, large language models, physiological or wearable data, ML at the edge
Some travel to Finland and/or San Franciso will be needed.